We've seen the Goal Conversion Overview report,
and we learned how to use Funnel Visualization reports.
That gives us a good handle on the average conversions and
how people get through important steps leading up to the goals.
But a lot more can be learned when we start looking beyond our average or total audience.
As a marketer, you will want to evaluate your data for certain segments
of your users or for the users who have shown particular behavior.
That's where the Goal Flow reports come in.
Let's first take a look at how we can read the information in the Goal Flow reports.
First, we see our funnel represented again for the checkout goal.
You can toggle to different goals here.
The green boxes represent the different steps in the goal funnel.
You might notice that the numbers are slightly higher.
In the Goal Visualization report,
we were looking at sessions that had the different specified steps.
Here we're looking at how often users view the pages that represent the different steps,
and it's possible for a user to view a page more than once in the session.
For example, a user may decide to go back to the cart page to
check again what was in the cart after seeing the price.
When you hover over the green boxes,
you see the information on exits again.
For instance, we see that after viewing the cart page in 43 percent of the cases,
the billing and shipping page is seen next.
We can do the same for the other steps in the funnel.
The red lines represent the number of next steps that are exits.
When you hover over the red lines,
you can see where people exit.
That information is all very similar to what we had already seen before.
But in this report, it's possible to look at
this information while also considering other things.
You can select what you want to look at specifically here.
The default report shows us the steps taken by users
depending on the source of the traffic or whether users were coming from.
But there are many other lenses to look at related to acquisition,
behavior, and user characteristics.
All the things we've discussed in the previous lessons.
Let's select the source medium lends,
since we're interested in what marketing channels are working.
Once you select a lends like in this case the traffic source,
the report gives you a bit more information.
You can click on the traffic source link you're interested
in and inspect the goal flow like this.
You can also get more information for a specific channel,
by clicking on the channel.
You can ask to just see this channel or you can ask for more information about it here.
The numbers reported below are interesting as well.
They allow you to check the percentage of sessions that
ultimately resulted in a purchase by source medium.
In this example for instance,
you see that of the sessions that started from organic search traffic,
14 percent completed the purchase.
Compare that to the 32 percent that converted from the male channel.
This happens to be referral from male that's internally at Google.
So we can expect us to be higher.
Overall, this report allows you to get a good sense of how
different groups of users each with different characteristics convert for your goals.
We've talked a lot about the purchase completed goal.
Don't forget that there are other goals set up as well and you
can check how those are completed by different audiences too.